## Raha Mirzadegan, soprano

### Welcome

Based in the **Washington Metropolitan area**, Raha Mirzadegan is a skilled young vocalist pursuing her **Master’s Degree** as a member of the **Maryland Opera Studio** this Fall. She enjoys singing repertoire spanning the **Early and Baroque periods** to newer works. She has sung as a chorister and soloist with the **award-winning Chamber Singers** of the **University of Maryland**, under the direction of **Dr. Edward Maclary**. As a current member of the Chamber Singers, she frequently collaborates with the **National and Baltimore Symphony Orchestras**, in venues such as the **Kennedy Center**, **Meyerhoff Symphony Hall**, and the **Music Center at Strathmore**. Furthermore, she is the **founder** and **director** of the **Maryland Monteverdi Society** – a group of eight vocalists dedicated to singing the music of the **Renaissance**.

Her musical training began on the **piano** when she was six years old. In 2009, she was ranked 3rd amongst all sopranos in the state of Virginia, and participated in the Virginia Music Educators Association Honors Choir. She was a staff soprano at Holy Cross Catholic Church in North Bethesda, MD for five years, and is currently the Soprano Section Leader at Geneva Presbyterian Church in Potomac, MD, where she regularly sings solos, plays piano, and leads hymns during services. She has been seen, as both pianist and vocalist, **premiering pieces** in the **New Music at Maryland** concert series, as a **featured soloist** for the **Washington Metropolitan Gamer Symphony Orchestra**, as the **soprano soloist** in **Jesu, meine Freude, BWV 227 by J.S. Bach**, in excerpts from **A Midsummer Night’s Dream by Mendelssohn**, **Laudate Dominum from Mozart’s Vesperae solennes de confessore**, **Howell’s Requiem** under the direction of **Matthew Halls**,  **Wer da glaubet und getauft wird BWV 27 by J.S. Bach**, and as the representative of the undergraduate voice department in the 2017 **Honors Recital** at the University of Maryland.

On February 14th, 2017, the **Maryland Monteverdi Society** had their **debut performance**. On this Valentine’s Day, Raha programmed a set of Renaissance love songs for an afternoon performance entitled **“Songs of Love & Devotion,”** in which the ensemble sang for their colleagues, faculty, and passersby in the atrium of the **Clarice Smith Performing Arts Center**. In honor of **Monteverdi’s 450th Birthday** on May 9th, the ensemble is set to perform a lecture-recital, **”Madrigals, Monody, Monteverdi,”** to demonstrate the transformation of musical drama. She believes that by presenting these works, in accessible and succinct performances, people may become better acquainted with selections from the prolific music of the 14th – early 17th centuries.

Ms. Mirzadegan is a vocal student of **Gran Wilson** at the University of Maryland, College Park. She aspires to continue making music to inspire others and foster a little beauty in the world.

